(Watch on KonFlix.vip)
I want first place
in the debut song ranking
no matter what!
Okay, let's take a look
at second and first place.
Ready, go!
DEBUT SINGLE RANKING TOP 10
Why are we second?
We worked so hard for it.
It's the agency's power in the end?
But... it's impressive
to get second place.
I mean, it's second place!
That's right!
You guys have worked very hard.
Isn't second place good enough?
That's right.
We didn't even know
if we could debut until recently.
Yes, indeed.
Let's get first place next time!
- Yeah.
What?
What are you doing, Younki?
It's impossible!
The survival rate of groups
that can't get first place in debut
is only 18%!
So we can't survive
unless we're first place.
That's what you said, right? Ms. Nam.
- Well--
- You're wrong, Younki!
It's over if you give up.
It's been streamed and downloaded
many times too, Ms. Nam.
No way!
Oh my gosh!
I'll finally earn some cash?
The debut song is awesome, after all.
I'm sure the number is going to rise!
Right, Mr. Azuma?
Well, who knows?
Don't say that!
We're trying to cheer them up!
I'm the producer, it's my fault
that you couldn't win.
I am sorry.
SUMMARY OF K-POP ARTISTS
RESULTS ANALYSIS
Streaming, CD sales,
appearance on shows...
You recorded data of various groups
in so much detail.
An enormous number
of K-pop groups debut every year.
Most of the groups that can't win
in the debut ranking
get buried as losers,
and disappear within a few years.
That's the reality.
We couldn't get first place.
The result is everything.
Things like how much effort we put in
aren't evaluated at all.
That's mean...
We live in that kind of world.
If you don't want
to waste your life as a loser
you can also choose a different path.
This is something
that only you can decide.
I need to do something.
I thought we had a chance
to get first place.
It wasn't easy.
Guys, what do we do now?
We'll just keep working hard together
to get first place next time, right?
- Yes, that's all we can do.
- I'll do my best!
- Let's do our best!
- I want to say that...
but what if, like Mr. Azuma said
we're buried before we can beat
TORINNER and the other groups?
Is it worth continuing like this?
What are you talking about?
Motivation, energy, Moriwaki.
We can do anything with that energy.
Let's get fired up!
Where did you learn that?
Oh! TORINNER!
- What? TORINNER?
- Nice to meet you.
Darn it! These guys are sparkling.
We won't lose next time!
Let's get fired up!
One, two, three!
- Go!
- Whoa!
- What's this?
- You didn't do it?
Glad that it got rid
of your hesitation.
I didn't hesitate from the start.
Sorry...
Congratulations
on getting first place!
We must thank our fans for it.
We're so happy
that we can't put it into words.
Thank you.
Thanks to your support, Mr. Choi
we got first place
in the debut ranking as planned.
The promotion expenses
was more than expected
but the result and the ability
to achieve that are more important.
Thank you.
I'm grateful to hear those words--
It's not a compliment.
Not at all.
I'm worried.
We spent so much money
but we only sold 100,000 more copies
than NAZE.
To think logically
I can only doubt the ability
of the person in charge.
I am sorry.
I entrusted you with our
group's fund, brand and power.
Originally
you aren't supposed to struggle,
let alone losing.
Prove as soon as possible
that Producer Azuma and NAZE
are no match for us.
Certainly, sir.
Mr. Choi.
Why are you so wary
of Mr. Azuma and NAZE?
Wary?
I'm offended.
I just
want to train TORINNER
to become absolute artists.
KOREA LINKS WORLD
Excuse me.
Yamada!
Check with the client at once.
Why don't you ever do anything
unless I tell you to?
But you told me
to wait for the client's reply.
Can you take responsibility
if another company gets the job?
Don't talk back. Do as you're told!
Move! Move!
Come in.
What's your debut's result?
You're wasting your time.
I said you couldn't be an idol,
didn't I?
I'm sorry, Dad.
Our next live performance is set.
- Yay!
The venue will be
a large commercial facility
called Lake Town.
Well, it isn't a so-called live venue
but it's a chance to appeal
to people who don't know NAZE yet
so let's do our best!
- Yes, ma'am!
Okay, let's start our lesson now.
- Yes!
Let's begin!
- Looking forward!
Looks like
they've regained some motivation.
I need them to earn money.
I hope you're right.
TGC PERFORMANCE,
PERFORMANCE AT TORINNER'S CONCERT
I'd like to talk to you.
After I opened the Japan branch
I signed a big contract right away.
But the Japanese employees
work too slowly
I just can't trust them.
Younki, you'll take over
my company someday
so you'll help in Japan
for the time being.
Yes.
My lawyer will cancel your contract
with your agency for you.
Our next performance has been set.
Let me stay till--
No!
How long are you going
to waste your life?
Even if you're gone,
many people can replace you.
Think about your future instead.
I'm sorry
but...
this will be the last time.
It's the absolute last time.
Hello, everyone.
- Welcome back, Younki.
- I'm back.
I made my Minase Hot Pot today.
You need something nutritious
for your live show.
- Yay!
It's the usual Yaminabe, right?
Don't lump it together
with that mysterious stuff.
- The meat is huge!
- There's crab too!
Luxurious!
But Minase, have you cooked before?
As long as the ingredients are good,
the dish usually turns out tasty.
Just for today, I'll show you
the power of an adult's wealth.
- Wow.
Eww!
It's awful?
Why? I didn't put anything bad in it
why does it taste so disgusting?
That's what you call "talent"
in Japanese.
- Wow!
- That's harsh!
How frustrating!
Once more! I'll make it again!
No, no! We'll eat it together.
We're friends
so we share the hard times
and the difficult times together.
Don't make my cooking
sound like some kind of training.
- You'll eat it?
- Let's try it. Go on!
Minase is absent-minded sometimes
but she's always on our side.
She roots for us.
- Me too! Me too!
- What? Really?
- What? What?
- I can't eat anymore!
When I felt anxious,
and when I felt frustrated
these members were always by my side
that's why I could overcome it.
- I'll work on the flavor.
- That's genius.
It's awful! This tastes awful.
But...
I want some too!
- What?
- He's here!
It's absolutely delicious.
- Try it.
- What do you think?
Disgusting!
This is really bad!
It's over.
I said you couldn't be an idol,
didn't I?
How long are you going
to waste your life?
Even if you're gone,
many people can replace you.
It was an impossible dream
for me anyway.
SEVERAL DAYS LATER
NAZE. It's a weird name.
Do you know it?
I've seen them.
Isn't it a K-pop group?
Oh, the disappointing kids.
The losers who failed the audition.
Yes, that's them.
Is this where we'll do
the live performance?
Will anybody be watching?
You guys! Stop complaining.
Hurry and get ready.
- Yes...
I can't really get motivated.
It feels like we're
interrupting people shopping.
No matter where it is,
if we give our best performance
someone will surely be watching.
Right, guys?
Let's do our best.
- Yeah.
- Let's go.
This will be the last time.
Let's stand by.
- Yes!
Younki, let's huddle.
- Let's go!
- Come on!
(Korean)
- Let's do our best.
- Yeah.
It's always been my dream
to perform on stage.
Let's give it our all! Let's go!
One, two...
- NAZE!
- Yes!
- Let's do our best today!
Let's have fun!
Is it just me,
or is it different from usual?
Yeah.
LAKE TOWN HAPPY WINTER FESTA
It's not great.
I guess they really are losers.
- Let's go.
- Yeah.
I knew it'd turn out like this.
They don't want to watch.
What were you thinking?
What was that performance today?
Your movements were dull, the moves
were wrong, and you zoned out.
I am sorry.
You shouldn't perform in front
of people with that quality.
This is your job! Do you get it?
But nobody was watching.
We know it's our job,
but in that environment...
I'm quitting NAZE today.
Why are you quitting
all of a sudden, Younki?
We can't beat TORINNER
because you're like this.
A bunch of talentless losers
can't win if they slack off!
What?
- Wait! Stop...
- Wait, you two!
Younki, why are you quitting?
Did something happen?
I can't survive
in a team of trashy members.
There's no future.
I'm saying you can't afford
to fool around anymore!
Trashy? Fooling around?
- Guys! Guys, stop!
- Stop!
Azuma, stop them!
Stop it!
Are you going to abandon your friends
and run away?
It doesn't matter
even if I'm gone anyway, right?
We said we'd make our dream
come true together!
Stop being naive and stop dreaming!
Be careful. I don't want you
to injure our members' faces.
ATO
Sorry, everyone.
It's done!
Motivation, energy, bean sprouts!
Eat when it's still warm.
Younki isn't back yet, is he?
No, he didn't answer my calls either.
Just ignore him.
He really let me down.
He's just a rich kid, after all.
Younki is rich?
His dad is the president
of a trading company.
It has branches in the US,
and it opened one in Japan recently.
In the end, K-pop was a game to him.
We're betting our lives on it.
This is ridiculous!
Okay, let's dig in!
Let's dig in!
Looks delicious.
Let's eat.
- Delicious, Dohyeok!
- Right?
I'm full of motivation and energy!
There's no meat.
Only honest people can see the meat.
What's that?
So, Kaisei, you can't see it.
Wait, I surely can!
Oh, found some meat!
You work too slowly!
I'm not leaving anything to someone
incompetent like you anymore.
I'll do everything myself.
You're fired!
Attend the meeting with me tomorrow.
Before that,
your hair color is a disgrace.
Dye it black at once.
Yes, Dad.
It seems the member, Younki,
is quitting.
Indeed. Idols from a small agency
have no future potential
and no stability.
I reckon the other members
will follow suit and quit.
Thanks.
NAZE is going to fall apart
very soon.
I will proceed
to undermine the other members.
The flies are annoying.
Please get rid of them quickly.
Certainly, sir.
Younki hasn't come back.
He cried at that time, didn't he?
Yes.
Maybe he didn't really want to quit.
He's weirdly serious.
He's difficult.
If someone says he's at his limit
he would suddenly work harder,
even if he's also exhausted.
His competitive streak is no joke.
Even though he has a good upbringing.
But...
He said his childhood was tough.
He said his dad was always working
and never home.
He said
they had never talked properly alone.
He must have been lonely.
But in the end, he's going
to take over his dad's company.
Safer than being an idol.
You mean
Younki's decision wasn't wrong?
Yeah, I guess so.
Then, do you mean we all...
made the wrong decision
for our lives?
I guess so.
Is that so?
Is it really so?
We need money.
True.
But it isn't everything, is it?
Yeah.
What is it, then?
I wonder.
You guys, go to sleep.
Mr. Azuma, is Younki
really not coming back?
I still want to pursue our dream
with Younki.
You guys are such a pain.
In the past
his dad said he wouldn't be able
to become an idol
so he should go to university.
His dad was strongly against it.
At that time, he said he'd become
an artist who can get first place
and he'd give up his dream at once
if he couldn't do it.
He promised his dad that.
He made a promise like that?
That means,
he didn't want us to be sad
so he said something
to make us angry.
He's childish.
That's so like our stubborn Younki.
I've seen this face somewhere.
Thank you.
We'll certainly deliver
the goods tomorrow.
Thank you.
It makes me jealous
that you have a fine heir like this.
Not at all. My son isn't reliable.
You're too modest.
Look forward to working with you.
Oh?
Mr. Yamada,
where are the other employees?
No idea.
The Japanese market will become
a mainstay of our business.
That's why I invested in it
despite the big risk.
Yes.
We'll expand the range
of new products
to make people's lives abundant.
Totally different from
the half-hearted work of idols.
It's worthy and meaningful.
What? Got a problem?
No.
Entertainment isn't something
people can't live without
in the world.
Let the uneducated dropouts
and weirdos take care of it.
If you don't want to fail in life,
do as I say.
Yes, Dad.
When we deliver these tomorrow
our products will be on the shelves
of convenience stores
and supermarkets in Japan.
Isn't it impressive?
All of these?
It'll need a lot of manpower.
Will the employees come tomorrow?
Why do you ask?
There was no one in the office
just now.
I fired all the Japanese employees.
They work too slowly,
and I can't trust them.
What?
Then who will deliver the goods?
I've introduced the latest machine
and automized everything.
Therefore, I don't need any help
from the employees.
Rather than playing nice
to untrustworthy people
it's better to do it alone.
Better to be alone...
Hey, future big-shot CEO.
What? Mr. Azuma!
What are you here for?
You didn't take your things with you.
There you go.
Sorry for the trouble.
You look cool.
Is the CEO training tough?
Your dad's company is on a roll, huh?
He closed a big deal,
and he looks happy.
You talk like it's not your business.
He's always been like this.
How should I put it?
He's someone who trusts only himself.
He doesn't care about how
I or other people feel at all.
That hits a sore spot.
You aren't like that!
Indeed, you're bossy, arrogant,
and you think you're the best.
That spot is very sore.
But...
you actually see us.
You...
You do like us, and we can tell.
You're different from my dad.
It's tough to have a great dad.
I...
The other day, when you said to me,
"Don't hurt our members..."
Be careful.
I don't want you
to injure our members' faces.
You said "our."
It felt like
you said I wasn't one of you anymore.
And that...
That made me incredibly sad.
I thought, "I'll never be able
to see them again."
But I can't say I want to go back now
and all my dad thinks about
is his company.
I...
I don't belong anywhere now.
Nobody wants me anymore.
When I think that, I just...
You two are messed up
in all kinds of ways.
Is your dad here now?
I've left the contract cancellation
with your agency to the lawyer.
I don't think
we have anything else to talk about.
Actually, I came here
to ask if you might give us
another chance to take Younki back.
Younki? You want me
to let him go back to the idol group?
Impossible.
I'm sorry, but please leave.
Younki's dad, your dad
that is his granddad,
was also a singer, right?
What about that?
I just thought
it was wonderful how things get
passed down from parent to child.
My dad and Younki have never met.
He's a stranger now,
so please stop meddling.
No, it's not about Younki.
I just thought you must also like
songs and performances.
Me? I'm not interested--
You came...
to NAZE's every live show,
didn't you?
During live shows, I tend to watch
the audience more than the stage.
Gender, age, what they're wearing...
It's very good marketing.
That's why when I found your photo
on the Internet
I thought I had seen this face
somewhere.
You've been rooting for us
I'm sorry that we couldn't get
first place in the debut ranking.
I can't believe you know that much.
I hated my dad.
It's true that he was a singer
but he never came home,
never sent money
and neglected our family.
That's why I swore I would never be
a parent like my dad.
No matter what I do,
no matter what others think
I just have to make sure
my family had enough to eat.
That alone was my ego.
When Younki said
he wanted to become an idol
my dad came to mind.
I absolutely don't want Younki
to become someone like him
so I said
he'd never be able to make it!
I said horrible things deliberately.
Even now, I still haven't forgotten
the words I said to him.
That's why I think Younki hates me.
But I do not regret it.
There are things
you don't realize when you're young.
You'll suffer
if you make a wrong choice in life.
Even if he hates me,
even if he resents me
it's the parent's responsibility
to protect his child's future.
I will not allow my son
to return to the group.
I want Younki to have a stable life.
That is why
I've worked desperately
to make this company grow.
He's a good dad.
I had no idea that he had come
to watch our live performances.
He just loves you very much.
He should have just told me
what he thought.
You're so stubborn.
Like father, like son.
That's true.
I talked to Younki's dad
but he can't come back to NAZE.
But I thought
Younki's dad came to the conclusion
because he loved Younki.
It's no use thinking about it!
Let's forget about Younki!
Let's do a huddle,
with me in the center!
Hey, read the room!
You sure know
some old-fashioned words.
Well...
Mr. Azuma...
THE NEXT DAY
What's this? What's going on?
Why aren't they moving? Darn it!
What's wrong?
The forklifts are not moving.
There was no problem
in the trial run yesterday.
The trucks will arrive at 3 p.m.
We must load the goods
and leave at 4 p.m.
Or we'll breach the contract.
If there's no money
deposited tomorrow
our company will be over!
Anyway, let's move them
to the loading dock.
Hurry up!
We won't make it in time!
Which employee is familiar
with the forklifts?
Yamada, the one who introduced them.
LIST OF EMPLOYEES
YAMADA TAKASHI
I can't get a hold of Mr. Yamada!
What about the other employees?
Dad!
The other employees too!
They resent me for firing them.
An employee must've done this
out of spite.
What?
It's over.
Everything I've built
over these 20 years!
Which way is this?
Mr. Yamada!
It's too late.
Darn it.
Why?
What are you going to do?
We won't make it in time!
I'm sorry.
The machines won't start.
Are you telling us
to drive the trucks empty?
Do something!
I am sorry, but please leave.
We'll carry them!
We'll load the trucks.
Huh? You guys will do it
by yourselves?
No way.
We'll definitely get it loaded
in time.
Okay, let's begin!
- Yes!
What are you talking about?
The road are congested in the rain!
We'll be late
if we leave later than 4 p.m.
- Understand!
Dad, it's over if you give up!
Let's do it with them!
Okay.
It's heavy!
Do your best!
Dad, are you okay?
Okay. Hurry up!
You won't make it in time!
Guys!
Sorry, coming through.
(Korean)
Twenty more minutes.
We won't make it.
Yamada?
Clear the loading area there.
Let's use the forklifts
to move everything!
Thank you, Mr. Yamada.
Hurry up!
Hurry...
- Be quick...
- We can do it!
- Clear the way!
But still, that machines are amazing.
- 15 minutes left!
- Only 15 minutes!
We'll make it for sure!
This is cutting it way too close!
But I promise we're going to make it.
Thank you!
Yamada, why did you come?
Because your son...
was so earnest about it.
Also...
This photo...
You still have it?
OPENING OF JAPAN BRANCH
I put it in the employee directory,
so that I wouldn't lose it.
You think
we're useless and not trustworthy.
It's the only way we could see it.
I suppose someone wanted
to teach you a lesson too.
Those machines...
You need a password
to disable the startup process.
Only we, employees, know that.
But...
the messages behind it...
YAMADA: HIGH COMMUNICATION SKILLS.
ABLE BUSINESSMAN.
If you could tell us how you feel
like you did in the past
then we...
We would be able to work harder.
We worked with pride too.
You're right.
I was wrong.
And thank you very much
for helping me today.
President...
If at that time
you guys hadn't come
we wouldn't have made it in time.
Thank you!
We just happened
to have come to give you this.
TO NAZE'S YOUNKI
WE'RE FRIENDS. WE LOVE YOU.
WE'RE ALWAYS ON YOUR SIDE!
We're friends forever.
We're with you during the hard times
and the difficult times.
Even when we're apart
our heart will always be with you.
Thank you so much.
Younki, you too.
You did very well.
Everyone.
Thank you very much.
My son has so many precious friends
who cherish him so much.
I had no idea.
I'm not good enough as a dad.
Exactly! Younki's dad,
you're arrogant--
You idiot!
I'm very sorry!
No, Kaisei is right.
What? You know my name?
Well... yeah.
Younki's dad,
this is our last request.
Would you give us one more chance?
We've been chasing this dream
we want to do it with Younki.
All seven of us.
Please think about it!
- Please think about it!
NAZE...
couldn't get first place
in the debut ranking.
Continuing just because it's
your dream, and it's what you like
is tough and difficult.
That's the reality.
But...
if you open the tough, difficult path
together with the people you cherish
maybe you'll be able to grow.
I'll ask a favor as a dad.
Will you
let my son join you again?
Yay, Younki!
Yay!
Thank goodness!
I'll be responsible
and look after him.
Please...
take care of my son.
Hey!
Dad, thank you.
It's going to be tough,
but do eat properly.
Your mom and I
will always be rooting for you.
Okay!
Excuse me. Do you like NAZE?
Yeah...
Who's your fave?
- It's Younki.
- Oh, really?
- Me too!
- He's my fave too!
We're the same!
Younki's smile is the best, right?
Yes!
Do your best. Go for it!
Hey.
Answer your phone!
It's serious!
Serious?
Ow!
That!
Ji-soo? What's the matter?
Will you
let me join this agency?
THIS DRAMA IS FICTION
What've you been doing?
Can you call yourselves professionals
without trying to evolve?
Zero points as performers.
Don't upset the members!
Seven members are too many.
Five would be reasonable.
We won't get rid of any member!
You're a loser if you can't do it.
Impressive, Ms. Park.
We'll hold a second audition
for NAZE.